# CSS architecture and development documentation
The files that contain `.min.` (for example, `main.min.js` or `main.min.css`) are the minified versions and are suitable for production deployment. The other "non-minified" files (in our example, `main.css` and `main.js`) can be used in a development environment where it may be necessary to read bundled file output.

SASS Source files can be found in `/src/sass`. A sample setup has been provided. We are going to mimic Patternlab's file structure in `/src/sass` for consistency and ease of reference. A set of module resolution directives has been added to `webpack.common.js` to make referencing sass files easier. The cost of doing things this way is that **all SASS file names must be unique**, and that **you must include the underscore '_' in the name of the file when @importing**.

Webpack is configured to emit the CSS rather than do the default module bundling and class renaming. The base file is `/src/sass/main.scss` and in order to include your SASS partial files in the build, you must have them imported in either this file or another file already imported into `main.scss`. The `main.scss` file is then imported into with a single line in `/src/main.js`, the entry point of the webpack build. If you wish to create multiple CSS files, you will need to create additional javascript files in `/src` and add entry points in `webpack.common.js`. Otherwise any SASS files referenced by `/src/main.js` will be included in a single output file. If you want to rename the output file, just rename `/src/main.js` and change the entry point in the `webpack.common.js` config file.

To generate our CSS we are using the [MiniCssExtractPlugin](https://webpack.js.org/plugins/mini-css-extract-plugin/). In the future we could do things like custom commands to output CSS for specific components.
